The prince's association is broken
All the civil and military officials actually offered the price
They say before the war
Unable to come to discuss disaster relief
These guys?
An hour ago
Still entertaining the golden messenger in the prime minister's mansion
This is clearly an instruction from adultery
This is a blatant confrontation with His Highness
useless
They didn't want to do it.
Then it's all up to you.
Just stop
No one can use the court in the world
From today
All 10 officials including Yan Shifan were restrained
Burn
All the officials elected by the father of the Fragrant Concubine will take office tomorrow
Fill all the gaps
world
This is illegal.
His Highness Benlin is the law
I also hope that the Xiao family will not live up to the expectations of His Highness Benlin
Concubine
The Xiao family is willing to give all the money
And all the connections and connections
It must not be His Highness's regret
I don't want these
but
Haha, His Highness is looking for Concubine Yan
I'm afraid it's not my skill.
Yo ice beauty is jealous
Your Majesty, hurry up and make the decision for the important ministers
The prince rests diligently and misses the country
Job hunting for a Xiao family
The vegetarian minister Wei was sacked
Hurry up and order the killing, won't it be eliminated?
Repeal the request to the princes, the princes are indeed worthy
Okay, this is even more important
Don't be hasty
Your Majesty can't keep anyone
I even cut off the ship today
Uncle, tell me you're a jerk